Within the `comp1110.homework.J04` package of the `comp1110-homework`
project, create a class `ShiftCipher` to implement a simple [Caesar or
shift cipher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher).

_Note_: This is a challenging exercise and will require a solid
understanding of the concepts covered in the course so far.

The program `ShiftCipher` should take two inputs from the terminal.
The first should be a string of any length which contains any type of
symbol (the *plaintext*).  The second will be a *shift value* which
should be between `0` and `25` inclusive (though you may design your
program to be resilient to shifts beyond this value).  The program
should print the *cipher text*, in which each of the alphabetic
characters in the string is _shifted_ by the given amount, for
example:

Input | Shift Value | Result 
--- | --- | --- 
A | 0 | A 
A | 1 | B
A | 5 | F
Z | 1 | A

Lower case letters should be shifted in the same manner (meaning that
a lower case letter should remain lower case, and an upper case should
remain upper case).  All other characters (i.e. those that are not
alphabetic) should remain unchanged.  Print the resulting shifted
string to the terminal.

For example, given the input:

    Iacta alea est!
    3
    
the program should print the output:

    Ldfwd dohd hvw!

_Hint_ - You may want to consider the relationship between strings,
characters, arrays and ASCII values.

_Extension_ - Abstract your core shifting algorithm into a
method/function which can accept positive or negative shift values.
Now write a decode method which given a cipher text and a known shift
value returns the string to its original form.  Validate the
relationship between your methods by ensuring that applying first the
encode function and then the decode function (with the same shift)
returns the original plaintext.

_Extension_ - Having completed the above extension, write your own
test class which tests the identity relationship of your encoding and
decoding methods for all possible characters and all possible shift
values (between 0 - 25 inclusive).  Ensure that changing the behaviour
of your encoding or decoding methods makes your test fail.  If you
have not yet covered tests (in unit
[S4](https://cs.anu.edu.au/courses/comp1110/lectures/se/)) you may
like, instead, to write a normal class method which tests this
identity as above, and use the main method of your program to run this
test method.
